reports continue to Pile in that Hamas
has attacked Israel and that Israel has
retaliated in today's video we're going
to look at what has happened right here
I'm going to explain to you who Hamas is
how they were founded and start to dig
into how we can see the
reverberations of war from previous
experiences and making it very clear
that what we see in the news has always
been been there to obscure what's more
important who stands to gain I can tell
you who has lost and that is the
innocent civilians that are continuously
losing their lives in this war and so
many others so today we're going to take
a deeper look at the circumstances right
here and now you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you of course
you've been seeing this I'm not going to
go into every every detail Because by
the time you watch this video there's
always going to be you know new
information coming out there's a war
that has been going on for a long time
and it's just back and forth back and
forth all the places that Hamas hides in
operates from we will turn them into
ruins get out of there now he told Gaza
residents this is Netanyahu who have no
way to leave the tiny overcrowded
Mediterranean territory of 2.3 people so
there is going to be an
intensification of the retaliation that
has been very clear over 5,000 Rockets
fired as operation Al AXA flood begins
Hamas armed Wing I have seen that this
has been anywhere between 2,000 and
5,000 ultimately it's been a lot and uh
you can see that Hamas has basically
said we're going to keep doing it and
then Israel has basically said all right
well we're going to continue to fight
back it's not just a war that sprang up
today it's been going on a long time but
how did this all begin and how did this
really uh come to be because you're
seeing it here in the news and it has
been sort of a new event but many things
have occurred over the years you could
look at what Netanyahu had to
say
you could look at the different
countries around that have come out to
support Israel all Western Nations at
this time have said we do not condone
what has happened here and we want to
make sure that we stand by Israel that
has been pretty much across the board
some countries however have not said
that and I want to show you the bricks
involvement in all of this I think it's
it's important that we start to see how
the New World Order is coming to be here
we have a video which basically just
shows the Palestine Tower collapsing in
Gaza after Israel air strike which sadly
has cost innocent lives there's been a
failure an intelligence failure Israel's
high-tech spies and one billion Iron
Dome defenses failed to stop Hamas
massacring civilians in an embarrassing
failure interesting right they have this
technology called the Iron Dome
essentially you've got this Shield that
they've had where if any missiles come
on in this thing would detect them and
it be able to blow them out of the sky
and why wasn't that actually operating
and 5,000 different missiles were able
to get in or at least some of them and
so that's starting to make people ask
some questions Hamas surprise attack is
a historic failure for Israeli
intelligence Services you have Israel's
former Massad Chief we didn't have an
inkling of what was going on they didn't
know that they even had that many
missiles at all so now they start to ask
some questions a day after the 50th
anniversary of the start of the 1973 yam
kapor War when Israeli forces were
caught off guard by Syrian and Egyptian
tank columns the military appeared once
again to have been surprised by a sudden
attack quote it looks similar to what
happened at that time as we can see it
Israel was completely surprised by a
very well-coordinated attack it's been
going on a long time the media has made
it seem as if this just began today or
yesterday by the time you see this video
but there's much more to it than that
how Israel went from helping create
Hamas to bombing it wait a second what
did I just say and I want to talk about
this right now I have quotes right here
that you absolutely must hear they're
going to shock you and I want to make
this clear as well there's always going
to be more than just you know black and
white
100% but I want to show you the quotes I
want to give this to you from various
sources even inside of Israel it's
itself Hamas Origins begin in Israel the
reason why this happened was to
counteract Yasser Arafat Arafat quote
Hamas is a creature of Israel the guy
himself said that yitzak raban former
prime minister he referred to the
creation of Hamas as a quote fatal error
then we have Yak segv he's a former
General U not a quote but the paraphrase
funding given by Israeli government
helped nourish the seeds of Hamas and
then we have anner Cohen saying quote
Hamas to my great regret is Israel's
creation all of these direct quotes
sources in the description and I think
it's important that we understand this
but even with that knowledge it's
important yes to understand the details
of what's happening right now yes there
is a war we look back at how that was
created in the first place how did this
even come to be and we start to see the
origins of it and we start to ask why in
the world would this happen this can't
be and yet it does not just in Israel
but you look at this all around the
world and see this keeps happening and
so where my mind goes is always to the
same question qu Bono who benefits who
stands the game and we'll talk about
that in a second here I want to show you
something us arms left in Afghanistan
have been smuggled into the Palestinian
factions in the Gaza Strip the local
Palestinian news agency disclosed that
Newsweek report Ed an unarmed senior
Israeli military official confirming
some of the small weapons seized in
Afghanistan have been spotted in the
hands of the Palestinian factions in the
Gaza Strip they're talking about this
they're saying
it weapons are difficult to control and
we see that all the time they're getting
into the hands of people that they
shouldn't be we saw very similar things
with ISIS with Al-Qaeda and the Taliban
and so on these things have happened
before because when you pump out all of
these things when you use military
contractors when you start to do things
and kind of take your hands off it and
say okay we're going to let that happen
like this it always creates a problem
you don't have that control and
oversight what happened with the case of
Afghanistan and Iraq we're starting to
see similar things Afghanistan
specifically you know what later became
Al-Qaeda at a later time started as the
mujahadin the rebel
Fighters and that was in
1979 created by the United States and
this was done to counteract the Soviets
at the time let's fund this group so
that we don't have to touch it and and
they will be able to fight off the
Soviets and this happened with
Afghanistan and then of course from
there it started to
evolve and it sounds similar in this way
there's much more to it to what we've
seen here with Hamas and
Israel now I am not getting into the
depths of all of that there's there's so
much more very clearly but I think it's
important to understand the most
important element of this and that is
who stands the game have you figured it
out yet do you want to take a guess all
right well I want to show you something
related to the bricks number one we've
seen the expansion you've noted it over
time the new world order has been
unraveling or the old world order has
been unraveling into the New World Order
and you see it for yourself with the
inclusion now of countries like number
one Saudi Arabia United Arab Emirates
Egypt um other other countries in this
area Okay Saudi Arabia is the one look
at this Saudi Arabia blames Israel for
unprecedented Hamas terror attack so
they came out and they said you kept
poking the bear and the bear attack you
kept provoking it and it came back to
you interesting that the timing of this
just
recently was with Saudi
Arabia trying to get better relations
with Israel there was so like every
single thing was was coming up in in
such a great it was positive news the
Middle East is becoming more peaceful
today than it was just a few years ago
with that with the bricks the reason I
mentioned this is that we have what I
believe was a treaty with China sitting
in the middle of Iran and Saudi Arabia a
lot of people talk about Iran's
involvement in all of this but if you
understand something Iran is
predominantly Shia Shia
Muslims but Saudi Arabia is Sunni these
are two very different it's not like
yeah well kind of little different no no
they they don't like each other what's
happening now they've basically said
okay we're going to stop because the war
in Yemen was essentially between Saudi
Arabia and Iran and just using that as
as what they call the theater of war but
what we can see now is something very
distinct what I note here is big changes
that have happened and it's unfortunate
so that's one part of it we have to
understand and look for the next aspect
of it when we look at the factors of who
benefits if you could see right here
this chart it's a company known as
rathon and just recently their stock had
been performing very badly why is Ron
significant well this one company is
responsible in part for the creation of
the Iron Dome and that's just one but in
general the military industrial complex
stands to gain this is just one company
that is likely to probably gain even
more you know how they work the biggest
establishments whether it's loed and
Martin whether it's rathon or some other
these are the companies that will
benefit the average person will lose as
a result War doesn't benefit the people
under any circumstance that is an
absolute matter of fact there's always a
blowback effect if you go in and attack
a country you can be certain that
they're not going to like you very much
after that and we're seeing this over
and over in all these places look how
many areas the United States has
attacked for one well that kind of makes
them upset when you do so right of
course there there could be
reasons
well these are the details I wanted to
get to today and I wanted to get your
thoughts on this it is very triggering
to some that have basically just not
wanted to listen to All of the details
and I think it's important that we
do um what does this mean overall for
some people they just can't grasp it and
they will simply just be on a bandwagon
and they will just listen to whoever
their guy is and simply go with what
makes them feel good what makes them
feel right but I'm usually one to feel
that it's okay to be
uncomfortable with knowing some
information and then making the
judgments for myself and that's what I
hope that I brought to you today some
interesting information do with it what
you may I didn't want to bring you just
you know here's a bunch of stuff blowing
up in the video um I think it's there's
a lot more going on here and most
importantly who stands to game who else
do you think stands the game from this
any other companies any other people I
would really like to know your thoughts
if you found the video informative hit
that thumbs up if you hated it get that
thumbs down make your voice heard and of
course in the comments below put your
facts put your facts in that comment
section so that we can have this
discussion and understand the details
all right let all break it down I want
to see you here tomorrow on the next one
take care